git commit -a	Stages files automatically
git log -p	Produces patch text
git show	Shows various objects
git diff	Is similar to the Linux `diff` command, and can show the differences in various commits
git diff --staged	An alias to --cached, this will show all staged files compared to the named commit
git add -p	Allows a user to interactively review patches to add to the current commit
git mv	Similar to the Linux `mv` command, this moves a file
git rm	Similar to the Linux `rm` command, this deletes, or removes a file

git checkout is effectively used to switch branches.
git checkout <file> discard changes in working directory
git reset basically resets the repo, throwing away some changes. It’s somewhat difficult to understand, 
so reading the examples in the documentation may be a bit more useful.

There are some other useful articles online, which discuss more aggressive approaches to resetting the repo.

git commit --amend is used to make changes to commits after-the-fact, which can be useful for making notes about a given commit.
git revert makes a new commit which effectively rolls back a previous commit. It’s a bit like an undo command.

git branch	Used to manage branches
git branch <name> 	Creates the branch
git branch -d <name>	Deletes the branch
git branch -D <name>	Forcibly deletes the branch
git checkout <branch> 	Switches to a branch.
git checkout -b <branch>	Creates a new branch and switches to it.
git merge <branch> 	Merge joins branches together. 
git merge --abort	If there are merge conflicts (meaning files are incompatible), --abort can be used to abort the merge action.
git log --graph --oneline	This shows a summarized view of the commit history for a repo.

git clone URL	Git clone is used to clone a remote repository into a local workspace
git push	Git push is used to push commits from your local repo to a remote repo
git pull	Git pull is used to fetch the newest updates from a remote repository
git config --global credential.helper cache     enabled 15 min cache for authentication on remote repo

git remote 	Lists remote repos
git remote -v	List remote repos verbosely
git remote show <name>	Describes a single remote repo
git remote update	Fetches the most up-to-date objects
git fetch	Downloads specific objects
git branch -r	Lists remote branches; can be combined with other branch arguments to manage remote branches

add feature text